okay I feel like I have put this video
up for the longest time but today I'm
going to share going right back to the
beginning where we are now I've had to
write notes for this video not just any
note it's highlighted notes I feel like
it's kind of hard because obviously it's
kind of like compressing so much and I
don't know write you but any fitness
journey is just never ever streamline it
the semi ups and downs are so nice
topping started trying to compress it
into a video and thinking of how to do
that it's kind of difficult so I just
want to talk to you about the highs the
lows and where it all began to have some
background to start with as a child like
since I can remember I've always had a
really big appetite literally dating
back to my baby pictures I'm there with
like two ice screws in my hand I always
seem to have food or like it's something
sweet chocolate ice cream you name it it
was all over my face always in my hands
and that's kind of like a joke in the
family and I actually think that comes
back to my dad because he's to give us
all the same portion sizes like me my
dad my brother would always have the
same sized portions so when I read going
to like friends houses I remember coming
home sometimes and being like oh my
goodness I was starving after dinner
last night dad like they don't really
eat that much I having an appetite has
always been something I'm aware of and
I've always been able to put away like a
lot of foods or any of my friends and
family came back for me on this one
even now I'm very capable of putting a
lot of food away
growing up I was quite active like I was
sporty in school but not sort of someone
to do hella extracurricular like
activities I've had it netball for a
while but it wasn't something I did
every single week as a kid I had these
huge like little chipmunk cheeks and I
had like a lot of baby fat I was just
quite like a chubby kid I wasn't really
bothered I was quite confident happy
when I turned about 12 I got really into
a horse riding
I went hard on him one time fell
absolutely in love with that and that
was at the first proper hobby that I was
absolutely obsessed with I would spend
all my time
at the stables like looking after the
horses going like tune from the field so
I was very active at that point I
started competing doing that horse
riding competitions show jump in so
around age 12 to 13 I had changed school
and everything and I feel like that's
when things really started to change in
terms of like I became a bit more
conscious about like my body I was a bit
more aware and I noticed that everyone
around me is kind of like hit puberty
and I was like hang on a sec well has my
period I haven't started my poo that was
quite late but I feel like I was still
just like chubby little like girl I
still looked really young at this point
and all my friends had like transformed
and here I was like oh my god hello
puberty and you come in or what and then
mum in weeks I my period started and I
literally just like puberty just
transformed my whole face my whole body
my cheeks just like disappeared
overnight basically quite lanky I
certainly went quite like slim and
skinny and at this point I was still
very active so I think it was a bit of a
mixture of like puberty and also just
being really active and not really
thinking about food because I was always
outside with my friends I don't think I
was eating enough I'm probably just
under eating as well like unconsciously
and I remember constantly being told oh
my god you look like a completely
different person
which is quite weird to hear it so you
don't see it yourself but I was left
right center like family friends friends
at school or people like oh my god
Olivia used to have those big cheeks
like what happened age like 1516 I
actually moved out of home and once you
look a bit of trauma right to say like I
didn't speak to my family for over nine
months which at that age was like quite
intense going through just a bit of like
a rebellious phase I'd say but I think
oh I think we all go through that you
know it's important when you're younger
and moved in with like this boyfriend
had at the time really weird he was a
lot older it was just bizarre
I was definitely less active and this is
when I definitely put on quite a lot of
weight which I didn't really see
happenin if any sense but I was working
like a lot of hours at this pub which
were quite late so I wasn't sleeping
very well I had no knowledge about food
or like nutrition at least pouring
probably my most chunky so that
takes me like through six form I was
eating a lot I was just getting like
packs of cookies everyday like like a
four pack tonight and big round ones at
when I was in sixth Bowl and my lunch
break or whatever and long ago on these
and stuff and I just kind of like hit me
like a ton of bricks I was like oh god
like I've really put on weight and his
first time her life that I felt quite
chunky around 17 I've got a gym
membership and started going for the
first time like properly or when I say
properly I thought I was going properly
like I didn't really know what I was
doing I had no like plan or structure
training lower body like my blues and
just do squats
everything was high went to the gym
didn't really increase my waist and I'd
go and like the Stairmaster
do bits and bobs but I saw some changes
and like maybe a little bit of weight
loss but didn't really back it up with
my nutrition like at that point I still
have the mentality like I have been to
the gym but I can go and get 20 chicken
nuggets from McDonald's and I'm still
gonna either like to lose weight or no
chicken no it's gonna go straight to my
glutes 18 I went to uni to study
business management in London and I got
my first little studio flat with like a
little cooking area and stuff like that
probably not the best massage decision
to move like Tashia flat completely on
my own and but I'm glad I did it now
have that I sense but at the time I
didn't really know what would come with
all of that at first I'm really excited
that I'm gonna be able to cook my own
meals I'm gonna get in really good shape
and I'm not going to like order
takeaways and stuff like that I got my
first like cooking book and tried
cooking like healthy and meals but I
just didn't really understand a lot
about calories so in terms of like meals
and stuff I remember making like my
first few meals and the weeks that I
moved there and I had like three large
avocados with it and I was just spooning
it out like a cream egg of a car died
thinking that that was really healthy
but they're actually they're really good
for you but they're very calorie dense
so I think I was eating like big
portions and I would make like you know
an enchilada kits you can get that like
serve I think like four to five people
and obviously because I was living on my
own
and it was the first few weeks I didn't
know any people I was just eating the
whole serving size and that's something
I've always had from being younger like
if I've
had stuff in like whether it was a cake
it's never there for long it's always
fully eaten that was a bit of a struggle
that I never really knew about until I
lived on my own wouldn't have any like
self-discipline to just like have a a
small portion I'd just eat the whole
loss terms of fitness at that point I
did have like a gym in like the complex
where I lived and stuff it was pretty
minimal and and it was pretty much a
saying that I used to do like some lower
body exercises mainly or like glute
focused just ruin on the treadmill just
no sort of structure and the party
lifestyle commenced and I was just
drinking all the time getting lots of
takeaways like after nights out just
living off like fish fingers chicken
dippers all of that the way it just
piled on pretty quickly which i think is
quite normal for a lot of people when
you first go to uni because it's such a
big like drastic lifestyle change
mentally physically every kind of way
and after that whole stint where I put
on quite a lot of like noticeable weight
and I was just feeling really lethargic
I had the words like cystic acne which
really got me down and I didn't want to
leave like my room for so long I had
like ah it was awful and I think it was
just a mixture of like bad diet and my
diet basically consisted of like a lot
of carbs I didn't have any like proteins
or fats in there got myself quite down
and really low 18 19 was when I just
thought of knew something had to change
I walked past a new gym that was opening
on the same road as me and it looked so
good it had loads of equipment I've
thought right this is it I really want
to join this new G but that was when I
started really looking into fitness and
like what style of fitness I wanted to
do tried a lot of like hit stuff before
I've done some like weighted stuff but
mainly just like for lower body I hadn't
even thought about doing like shoulders
back or like training anything else and
I kind of wanted this impossible figure
at the time which was to lose a load of
weight but also to grow a bum which is
very much like two contrasting things
and I think that's probably what slowed
my progress down for a long time I was
yo-yo in between the two then a lot just
by going on YouTube watching how to do
the moves and so
like learning that way and then I was
doing some car dealer on top of that so
I was doing a lot of like full-body
stuff still like a massive glute folks
and the scene a little bit of progress
and I was absolutely hooked from there
like the way that exercise made me feel
for the first few times that I still
remember that now and like mentally it
completely just changed everything
really it did get a bit excessive so
once I seen that little bit progress I
was like oh god I want more like wanted
to lose more weight so that was when I
became quite obsessed with losing weight
I was down that gym like two times a day
and I really started like excessive
exercising and lost a lot of weight and
not my family noticed it and they were
like oh my god what we do know is I've
just been going to the gym so when I
really lost the weight and so many
people telling me like oh you look
amazing you look so much healthier blow
over and I was feeling a lot happier
that was when I became really worried
about putting the weight back on and I
didn't want to go back to that because I
didn't really actually know how I'd lost
the weight or like what really worked
for me when it did probably just come
down to that I wasn't eating as much and
I was doing a lot of ridiculous exercise
that was when I became very obsessive
with food so I turned to kind of like
restricting myself which was so so
ridiculous I would make these like
ridiculous rules up about chocolate I
wouldn't be allowed like carbs for a few
days and then I'd have it end up having
like a big blowout or like I'd get a
friend to come over we'd get a takeaway
I ended up eating a whole large pizza to
myself and like four cookies all at once
and then a bottle of wine or something
and then I would feel rubbish about
doing that just felt a bit not happy
with like half was going I felt like I
lost like my bum all together and I felt
like that was quite flat I was still
doing these like lower body workouts and
I was couldn't understand why I didn't
have this huge bun and it was just like
a lack of knowledge looking back and a
lack of awareness it did get quite bad
because I then decided to do a season in
my Barre in Spain with my best friends
just like a party season basically and
before we're going out I'm gonna be
bikini all the time so I want
to lose more weight and have like a flat
stomach I wasn't eating much remember
days like I just have like a pack of
like rye Vita biscuits or something like
that and then like a load of diet drinks
that went on for a good few months I did
the season in Spain while I was just
like drinking all the time that was the
first time obviously since I started
like going to the gym where I didn't go
to the gym at all and it's I was very
worried that was going to put on a lot
of weight I think that's why I didn't
eat so much whilst I was over there
hates me - coming back from my bed going
into my second year of uni and I was
about to move back down to London when
things kind of change I didn't want to
go back down there and I remember
feeling like oh I can't go on like this
and I had a real mindset shift and I'm
so thankful that happened because that
can be quite difficult place to sort of
get out from but I knew I just I wasn't
I wasn't happy everybody wasn't happy
being skinny wanting to get into a
better place with eating because
obviously when I was a kid in store for
never used to think about food so that
was where it all began around 19 I met
Mason and he's been a professional
player he's qualified Petey felt like
very knowledgeable he's - just
biochemistry so from the first view - we
met him went to the gym together and I
looked at what he ate and I really sort
of like had a massive influence on my
mindset and I spoke to him a lot about
food and it really showed me how I just
had a lack of understanding I never
really looked into the biology of like
muscle gaining weight loss you know
calorie deficit so that's where all of
that kind of started really looking into
more of their like biology side and I
found it really interesting as well and
that's when I was looking for a really
good like PT course to do that kind of
thing so that's where my knowledge
really took into place which was the
best thing I ever did you spend so long
like dipping in and out trying so many
different techniques listening to so
many people's opinions when it just
comes down to realizing you do kinda
need to try stuff but do what works for
you because it's not a one-size-fits-all
but initially it Mason set me a gym plan
and
also like we looked at my diet and we
realized I was just living off
carbohydrates basically don't have a lot
of carbohydrates now but I've got a lot
more like proteins and fats and it's so
much more balanced so this was when I
did my first ever book because I wanted
to grow my lower body and increase my
strength
we'd like my list and stuff and I've
gone from I was constantly feeling
lethargic like before all it Mason
helped me form like my first sort of
like bulking plan I said my calories for
the first time which I haven't read um
before i'm but because i've come from
like feeling like I was quite restricted
before I didn't want to like go back
into that mentality but obviously like
in a different profile if that makes
sense so I would probably say I did
quite I ate a lot more but I was more
intuitively eating and like kinda like
am more like a flexible diet I would say
and I did gain quite a lot and I was
quite comfortable with that so it was
very invigorating or like I felt a lot
healthy within myself and my skin got
better so it's a big transition and I'm
just so glad that like my mindset really
changed I think you've got to want to
change from within so that works out
basically a full year of bulking and
putting on size muscle mass which I
really have who's like how that when
trainer's foot back then was following
like a weightlifting program back then
was training legs like three times a
week which is pretty intense and then
two upper-body days which was quite a
new thing that I hadn't really trained
like specifically upper body before but
I'm so glad I did that because that's
helped so much with like creating a
physique I see there were so many ups
and downs that whilst of doing that it
was quite tricky when I was bulking and
seeing that I was gaining I didn't
really look at the scales too much I've
never really been obsessive of scales to
be honest bringing that to 2019
where I would probably the biggest I've
ever been but I felt like I'd put on
some good muscle and I felt really good
from within which i think is the most
important thing like my mindset is the
biggest transformation out of all of
this I would say every 19 I did travel
quite a lot so I was training where I
could when I can I try and cut in 2019
but I don't
cover a consistent with it and I was
calorie counting but I didn't do my
proteins carbs and fats and I didn't
really experiment with them to see what
worked for me so I still probably had
like a lot of carbs and not the most
balanced meal like meal plans didn't
really get on with those I tried like a
few different ways of eating it just
haven't really found my my thing yet
which is absolutely fine which brings me
on to this year where we are now where
I've had the most progression I've put
some pictures on the screen and that has
really come down to like a few different
factors one I will always say like just
being consistent sit consistent and
having a goal in mind making sure that
goals for you not swapping and changing
every two minutes when you say this
year's where I've really seen the most
results which has been a result of
obviously the book that I did where I
gained some good muscle mass but also
doing what works for me like Mason
obviously had a massive influence when I
first started out and I took a lot of
what he's found what worked for him into
my own like nutrition and workouts which
is great but some of those things don't
actually suit me because we're all so
different we all have different ways
there's not a one-size one lifestyle
because at the end of the day I feel
like with Fitness it's not a diet or a
workout that's going to change or get
you results it's literally a lifestyle
that you find enjoyable that you can
actually sustain so this year I just
focused on like a few things for example
I loved having chocolate every day you
can always incorporate the things you
enjoy the most into your nutrition and
diet you should never exclude like one
solid food guru it's not one solid food
group that's the enemy it's your whole
mindset towards all of that and not
having a restrictive diet this is
probably the first year that I've been
able to have like whatever I want in my
cupboards before I used to struggle to
have chocolate bars in it because I'd be
wanting to eat the whole thing at once
and so yeah again it's a lot of like
mind work just creating a lifestyle that
you really enjoy making sure your
workouts are like what you enjoyed
there's so many different ways is boxing
there's hit workouts it's like plyo
tanned
to be just weightlifting but find what
you actually enjoy what your body
responds to so something quite new
that's been a massive game-changer is
realizing that I wasn't living the most
active lifestyle during the day because
I mainly sat on a laptop working away
and I'll get one you know like my
workout and I workout like five times a
week and I was thinking why I'm not
seeing much progression it was mainly
just from not really moving during the
day so much so increasing my a daily set
count has really helped me like in every
way mentally as well it doesn't have to
really like just getting outside in a
walk you can clean your house or like do
your gardening or take your dog out on a
walk there's loads of ways to increase
that your activity level but I think a
lot of people make that mistake so that
they'll go off someone else's calories
or calories someone else calorie deficit
and think that that's going to make them
lose weight when in reality we all have
very different activity levels
so since combining my obviously like my
workout split with my nutrition so I
calculated obviously like my macros and
stuff like proteins carbs fats made sure
all my meals had those three in and just
had more like balanced foods
I wasn't feeling as hungry all the time
I've got a lot better looks like I have
really found that having a higher
protein diet really suits my odds and
they're the things that have really
helped me in so many ways by no means am
I saying like if you're someone who's
not got the healthiest or best
relationship with food at the moment to
go and start tracking your calories
macros whatever after that's my approach
to it all there so it - I feel like I
haven't missed anything that was like a
big point but it's a tricky video to do
but let me know if you would like to see
any more like sit-down videos like this
if there is anything else you would like
to know yeah and we really enjoyed this
video and I hope it's helpful watching
everything so I think I had mentioned
everything I wanted to I hope I haven't
forgotten anything so much to cover in
this kind of video do let me know if
you'd like to know anything else about
like my fitness journey or anything that
would be helpful for you right now I'd
be really happy to do so I'd love you to
stick around and join the fam
and you can't ready don't forget to like
this video and I'll see you in the net